README.md, before:

# Healthcare Practice Management System

A comprehensive healthcare practice management platform built with React, TypeScript, and Supabase. Features AI-powered scheduling, billing automation, and real-time performance monitoring.

## 🚀 **Quick Start with bolt.new**

### **Deploy to bolt.new** (Recommended)
1. Visit [bolt.new](https://bolt.new)
2. Upload this project or copy the code
3. Click "Connect to Supabase" and select project: `wnnjeqheqxxyrgsjmygy`
4. Your app will be live with full database and AI functionality!

### **Local Development**
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 🏗️ **Architecture Overview**

### **Phase 1: Foundation**
- React 18 + TypeScript + Vite
- Supabase authentication & database
- Role-based access control

### **Phase 2: Component Optimization** 
- 64% bundle size reduction
- React.memo optimization patterns
- Debounced user interactions

### **Phase 3: Database Performance**
- 11 strategic database indexes
- 6 custom RPC functions  
- 50-70% query performance improvement

### **Phase 4: AI Agent Optimization**
- 16 Edge Functions with OpenAI integration
- Smart scheduling with conflict detection
- 75% faster AI responses, 65% token reduction

### **Phase 5: Testing & Monitoring**
- Comprehensive E2E test coverage
- Real-time performance dashboard
- Error tracking and alerting system

## 🎯 **Key Features**

### **Healthcare Management**
- **Therapist Management**: Profiles, specialties, availability
- **Client Management**: Demographics, insurance, treatment plans
- **Session Scheduling**: AI-powered conflict detection
- **Authorization Tracking**: Insurance pre-authorization workflow
- **Billing Integration**: Automated claim processing

### **AI-Powered Features**
- **Smart Scheduling**: Bulk operations with conflict resolution
- **Intelligent Chat**: Context-aware healthcare assistant
- **Performance Analytics**: Real-time optimization suggestions
- **Predictive Insights**: Workload analysis and recommendations

### **Enterprise Features**
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Performance dashboards and alerts
- **Role-based Security**: Therapist, admin, and client roles
- **Audit Logging**: Complete activity tracking
- **Data Export**: Comprehensive reporting tools

## 🛠️ **Technology Stack**

### **Frontend**
- React 18 with TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- TanStack Query for state management
- React Router for navigation
- Zustand for client state

### **Backend** 
- Supabase PostgreSQL database
- 70+ database migrations
- Row Level Security (RLS)
- 16 Edge Functions with OpenAI
- Updated to `@supabase/supabase-js@2.50.0` and `openai@5.5.1` for full edge compatibility
- Use a Supabase personal access token for CLI commands. Run `supabase login --token YOUR_TOKEN` or set `SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN`.

### **Database Setup**
Run migrations with a superuser (e.g. `supabase admin` or `postgres`) because the
SQL scripts create functions in the `auth` schema. Without these privileges the
migrations will fail with `permission denied for schema auth`.

### **Testing & Monitoring**
- Vitest for unit testing
- Cypress for E2E testing
- Real-time performance monitoring
- Error tracking and alerting

## 📊 **Performance Metrics**

### **Optimizations Achieved**
- **Bundle Size**: 64% reduction (Phase 2)
- **Database Queries**: 50-70% faster (Phase 3)  
- **AI Response Time**: 75% improvement (Phase 4)
- **Cache Hit Rate**: 80%+ (Phase 4)
- **Test Coverage**: 90%+ (Phase 5)

### **Production Ready**
- Enterprise-grade security
- Scalable architecture
- Comprehensive monitoring
- Professional deployment

## 🚀 **Deployment**

### **bolt.new (Recommended)**
Follow the [BOLT_NEW_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](./BOLT_NEW_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for complete deployment instructions.

### **Alternative Platforms**
- **Netlify**: `npm run build` + deploy `dist` folder
- **Vercel**: Connect GitHub repository
- **StackBlitz**: Use Instablitz extension (basic version)

## 📞 **Support**

For deployment assistance or technical questions:
- **bolt.new Issues**: Check deployment guide
- **Supabase Issues**: Verify Edge Functions and database connection
- **Performance Issues**: Review Phase 3-5 optimizations

---

**Built with ❤️ for healthcare professionals**

*This system demonstrates enterprise-grade development practices with AI integration, suitable for real-world healthcare practice management.*

Commit message:

chore(env): add example and update docs

README.md, after:

# Healthcare Practice Management System

A comprehensive healthcare practice management platform built with React, TypeScript, and Supabase. Features AI-powered scheduling, billing automation, and real-time performance monitoring.

## 🚀 **Quick Start with bolt.new**

### **Deploy to bolt.new** (Recommended)
1. Visit [bolt.new](https://bolt.new)
2. Upload this project or copy the code
3. Click "Connect to Supabase" and select project: `wnnjeqheqxxyrgsjmygy`
4. Your app will be live with full database and AI functionality!

### **Local Development**
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in real Supabase and OpenAI keys before running
Supabase CLI commands or starting the app.

## 🏗️ **Architecture Overview**

### **Phase 1: Foundation**
- React 18 + TypeScript + Vite
- Supabase authentication & database
- Role-based access control

### **Phase 2: Component Optimization** 
- 64% bundle size reduction
- React.memo optimization patterns
- Debounced user interactions

### **Phase 3: Database Performance**
- 11 strategic database indexes
- 6 custom RPC functions  
- 50-70% query performance improvement

### **Phase 4: AI Agent Optimization**
- 16 Edge Functions with OpenAI integration
- Smart scheduling with conflict detection
- 75% faster AI responses, 65% token reduction

### **Phase 5: Testing & Monitoring**
- Comprehensive E2E test coverage
- Real-time performance dashboard
- Error tracking and alerting system

## 🎯 **Key Features**

### **Healthcare Management**
- **Therapist Management**: Profiles, specialties, availability
- **Client Management**: Demographics, insurance, treatment plans
- **Session Scheduling**: AI-powered conflict detection
- **Authorization Tracking**: Insurance pre-authorization workflow
- **Billing Integration**: Automated claim processing

### **AI-Powered Features**
- **Smart Scheduling**: Bulk operations with conflict resolution
- **Intelligent Chat**: Context-aware healthcare assistant
- **Performance Analytics**: Real-time optimization suggestions
- **Predictive Insights**: Workload analysis and recommendations

### **Enterprise Features**
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Performance dashboards and alerts
- **Role-based Security**: Therapist, admin, and client roles
- **Audit Logging**: Complete activity tracking
- **Data Export**: Comprehensive reporting tools

## 🛠️ **Technology Stack**

### **Frontend**
- React 18 with TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- TanStack Query for state management
- React Router for navigation
- Zustand for client state

### **Backend** 
- Supabase PostgreSQL database
- 70+ database migrations
- Row Level Security (RLS)
- 16 Edge Functions with OpenAI
- Updated to `@supabase/supabase-js@2.50.0` and `openai@5.5.1` for full edge compatibility
- Use a Supabase personal access token for CLI commands. Run `supabase login --token YOUR_TOKEN` or set `SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN`.

### **Database Setup**
Run migrations with a superuser (e.g. `supabase admin` or `postgres`) because the
SQL scripts create functions in the `auth` schema. Without these privileges the
migrations will fail with `permission denied for schema auth`.

### **Testing & Monitoring**
- Vitest for unit testing
- Cypress for E2E testing
- Real-time performance monitoring
- Error tracking and alerting

## 📊 **Performance Metrics**

### **Optimizations Achieved**
- **Bundle Size**: 64% reduction (Phase 2)
- **Database Queries**: 50-70% faster (Phase 3)  
- **AI Response Time**: 75% improvement (Phase 4)
- **Cache Hit Rate**: 80%+ (Phase 4)
- **Test Coverage**: 90%+ (Phase 5)

### **Production Ready**
- Enterprise-grade security
- Scalable architecture
- Comprehensive monitoring
- Professional deployment

## 🚀 **Deployment**

### **bolt.new (Recommended)**
Follow the [BOLT_NEW_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md](./BOLT_NEW_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for complete deployment instructions.

### **Alternative Platforms**
- **Netlify**: `npm run build` + deploy `dist` folder
- **Vercel**: Connect GitHub repository
- **StackBlitz**: Use Instablitz extension (basic version)

## 📞 **Support**

For deployment assistance or technical questions:
- **bolt.new Issues**: Check deployment guide
- **Supabase Issues**: Verify Edge Functions and database connection
- **Performance Issues**: Review Phase 3-5 optimizations

---

**Built with ❤️ for healthcare professionals**

*This system demonstrates enterprise-grade development practices with AI integration, suitable for real-world healthcare practice management.*
